Shopkeeper: Come and
get it everyone!
Tasty snacks and
treats for sale.
Everything half off!
They won't last long.
Flip: Half off?
Hmm, let's see here
mm-hmm, and this one?
Yep!
They're all half price but
that's only half the story.
This food's so cheap because
it's past its expiration date!
Woman in crowd: Disgusting!
I don't want this!
Toss it back!
Kid, what are you doing?
You're costing me money!
I'm just telling the
other side of things!
Everything has two sides...
just like in a duel, there's a
Winner and a loser.
Then bring it on, kid!
And now
I play the trap card...
Ultra c!
What, ultra c?
Yep and next I summon
grenosaurus!
[Roaring]
ahhhh!
That's for tryin' to pull one
over on us!
Se the truth is...
the food had no expiration date
to begin with!
That's life for ya
for every up, there's a down.
for every yes, there's a no.
every coin has two sides.
otherwise put, everything has
its flip side!
Girl a: Weird
TORI: Hey! You!
And I get by in This world by
exposing that side!
Robot: Trash identified
on everything I come across!
Error Malfunction
make that everything and
everyone.
Like him.
Yuma tsukumo.
Yuma: Gotta hurry...
Grandma won't be happy if I'm
late for manicotti Monday!
Astral: That boy
yuma is infamous for being a
terrible duelist
yet he defeated shark...
a duelist so good he made it to
the nationals.
there is definitely a flip side
to that coin
and with the help of this card,
i'm gonna find it out.
i'll give yuma this little guy
in exchange for a duel.
and then I'll learn
what I need to know!
[♪...]
♪ if life is a game
they say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount to nothin' ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ my dreams won't die
if I high-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings take
off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I
leave all my fears Behind ♪
♪ my future's still
alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance and
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance, I'll
take a chance in today ♪
STUDENTS: Do you have a copy of
last night's homework?
Students: I left mine at home.
Bronk: Astral?
Yep, that's what he says he
wants me to call him.
And he's here now?
Of course he's here, bronk.
He's here all the time.
And to be honest, it can be
quite awkward...
especially when I wake up with
him hovering over me.
Duel time
and another thing, keep it down
when I'm sleeping, would ya?
Oh, please
you snorer!
What?
Am not!
Do ya think we should leave?
Yes, very slowly.
Yuma!
Hey yuma, how's it going, Buddy?
Who are you?
The name is flip.
And I take quite a bit of pride
in that name.
Cuz I believe everything
has a flip side.
My right has my left.
My front...my back.
My frowny face has...
my Smiley face!
See.
Pleased to meet ya.
Yeah
Oh, before I forget, I have a
little something for you, yuma!
It's an xyz monster,
baby tiragon!
And you're giving it to me?
Yep, for taking down
that bully, shark.
Go on, yuma, don't be shy.
Take it.
It can be a symbol of
our new friendship.
Symbol of friendship, huh?
I'd have to be a jerk to turn
that down!
what is this dark Aura flowing
from this boy?
something is not right.
that's right, don't be afraid,
just reach out and take it.
Well if you insist
alright!
Yuma!
We're gonna be late for class.
C'mon, let's go.
Ahhhh!
If you moved your legs, it might
help a little.
But that card!
I want it!
Sorry yuma, but that kid is
nothing but trouble.
Whadaya mean,
how would you know?
We know cuz Tori and I used to
be in the same class with him.
And I'm telling you,
he's always up to no good!
Always!
What?
That little guy?
Please, what's the worst he
could do?
you may have resisted the bait
this time, yuma
but just like a coin, fate
won't always land in your favor
very soon, I'm taking you down!
Mr.Kay: So as you can plainly
see, finding the percentage
of air in this vial of sand is
the easiest way to
this is a complex structure.
what is its purpose?
but more importantly, what role
does yuma play?
oh my could this be?
Hey yuma, here's your card...
ahhh!
Yuma!
Ahhh!
Your card
-Come on!
-Heyyyyy!
Your card!
Let's go.
You've gotta keep
your guard up, yuma!
No kidding, but from flip or
from you two?
Curses!
Tori and bronk won't
let me near yuma!
I'm going to have to change my
strategy a bit.
Spencer: I lost my xyz monster,
anyone see it?
hey, that's Spencer.
he has a class with yuma.
i can use him.
What? Are you for real?
Absolutely!
Then you've got yourself a deal!
Yes! This must be my lucky day!
Alright!
yet Another flip Side
this Kid loses something and I
find my plan!
I'm home!
Kari: Yuma!
Didn't I tell you to
do more homework
and to stop with all the
dueling?
Yeah, ya did and I am
then what is this?
Ahhh!
To my dueling hero, yuma.
From your biggest admirer.
Ah,cool!
It's fan mail!
I mean not cool!
-Bye!
-Yuma!
When is he going to learn that
no dueling means no dueling?
Can you talk to him?
I'm just worried,
grandma, because we both no what
dueling can lead to.
Hey, where have you
been hiding out?
Anyway, look whatcha missed.
My first fan mail.
I'm so excited I can't
wait to see it!
Hello?
Don't think maybe a
congratulation is in order here?
Someone out there likes me.
Wish I could meet 'em and give
'em a big hug and an autograph!
So
tell me why your sister does not
want you dueling.
Don't worry about my sister.
Now then, let's rip
this baby open!
observation #8,
humans have ears,
but that does not
mean they listen.
Hey, this is a
baby tiragon card
just like the one
flip tried to give me.
Hi yuma!
I saved up for a year
to get you this!
I hope you like it!
Wow!
I'm the luckiest guy around!
Ha!
I can't believe I've gotta
an xyz monster!
Yes, indeed you do, yuma.
And I've got you right
where I want ya.
But that card's just the start
next
the plan is to get you all alone
and friendless.
Then you'll be at my mercy!
Good morning!
CASWELL: Yuma!
You have got a lot of nerve
showing your face
around here after everything
that you've done!
Uh, what exactly did I do?
I know it's hard,
but don't play dumb.
You know the least you
could do is admit it.
We've all seen the photos.
They were sent out to
the whole school.
And all I have to say is you
should be ashamed of yourself.
Stomping on flowerbeds.
Pulling pranks on teachers.
Cheating during exams.
But the worst thing you did was
eat Spencer's lunch...
and replace it...
with a toad!
Check out the look on your face.
Whoa
I didn't do that!
Hey, where's Spencer?
I gotta clear my name.
We can't find Spencer!
He must be home
sick or something.
Still, we're with yuma.
There's no way he'd
do those things!
I used to feel the
same way, bronk.
We all did...
that is, until we saw these
awful pictures.
Sorry yuma but we're
not friends anymore.
Come on everybody, let's go.
Wait... please, no!
I guess in the end, there's
another side to yuma
a side we never knew.
But I swear, I'm innocent!
time for step 2.
Man
it sure stinks having everyone
upset at you.
Well,I guess bronk
and Tori aren't
but the rest of
the school sure is!
Yuma!
Hey, how's it going, pal!
Hey, flip
[devious giggle]
Wow, it sounds like you got a
bum rap!
Tell me about it.
Now I'm the school outcast.
That is not True, yuma.
You are no outcast.
Huh?
Like I said before,
I've liked you ever since I
heard you beat shark.
That was one of the best duels
ever!
Wow, really?
Thanks.
By the way,
what was that card that you used
to take down shark, you know.
You mean utopia?
Oh right, that was it.
so, that's his secret weapon.
strange that dark Aura is
getting stronger.
this is quite troubling.
Well, yuma, no matter what
anyone says about you,
remember that flip always has
got your back.
what was that?
In that case
you know what would really cheer
me up, a friendly duel!
I was hoping you'd ask, yuma.
I'd love to!
Really?
Oh, absolutely.
In fact, 'ol pal
I insist on it!
Ha! Yeah! Let's do this then!
yes, let's.
and once we're finished,
utopia will be mine!
I have a bad feeling
about this duel.
I think you should pass.
What for?
Wait, lemme guess you think that
flip is up to no good too.
Well then why would he stand by
me in my time of need?
Wait a second, you're not
jealous are ya?
Uh, are you talking to me, yuma?
Nope, just to myself.
Anyway, let's get
on with this duel!
Because I am feeling the flow!
Duel Gazerlet's roll!
Duel Interface set!
Computer voice: Augmented
reality Visual Link established!
Let's duel!
I'll go first if it's okay
here goes...draw!
I place a monster facedown in
defense mode!
That's it for this turn!
Playing it safe by Shoring up
your defenses, huh?
I'd better play it safe when I'm
facing a duelist
as good as you are, yuma!
I believe your opponent's praise
is masking his True motives.
No, he just thinks I'm a
great duelist!
Is that so hard to believe?
Wait a sec, don't answer that.
Let's get back to the duel.
since flip summoned a monster
in defense mode.
it's played facedown.
now I can't see how strong a
defense it has,
unless I attack it.
But if I do attack and his
monster's stronger
than my monster
i'm gonna take damage.
Get set to get decked!
I draw!
i Gotta summon a monster with
high attack points!
I summon gagaga magician!
Now gagaga magician, attack that
facedown monster.
i was hoping Yuma would side
with This aggressive approach.
Porcupine fish, appear!
400 defense points?!
All right - Gagaga magician
wins!
Flip effectactivate!
What's a 'flip eff
you must have missed that day of
school yuma.
It's a special ability that
activates
when a monster that's facedown
is flipped face-up.
Wanna know what
its flip effect is?
You now take 400
points of damage!
Pretty Cool move!
But gagaga magician still has
higher attack points!
My monster!
Better Luck next time!
I end my turn.
Well played,
but I expected no less!
Still, I took away life points
from the mighty
yuma tsukumo, yeah ha!
The duelist that took down the
infamous shark!
-What an achievement!
-He sure is happy.
Interesting, so he is a flip
effect monster user.
Okay, thank you!
I don't get it,
Spencer's mom said
that he went to school today
like he always does.
Yeah.
But he's nowhere to be found.
Hey, maybe there's a hint as to
what's going on in those photos.
Ya think?
It's worth checking!
Anything that will
prove yuma's innocence.
My turn.
Here we go!
I play a monster in defense
mode!
Facedown again.
He must be planning to use
another flip effect!
Then I'll end my turn
with two facedowns!
yuma Had better be careful.
Flip's field is stacked.
Alright, my turn!
I draw!
First I summon full elf!
And now I'll use it to attack
your facedown monster!
But yuma, do you not recall what
happened last time?
Of course!
But who cares if I take flip
effect Damage
if full elf destroys that
facedown monster,
I can attack flip directly with
my magician!
Now go!
Full Elf
attack that facedown monster!
Yes, please do!
Full Elf attack flip's
facedown monster!
Chew bone, appear!
300 defense points?!
that'll be a piece
of cake to beat!
And now for
Chew bone's flip effect!
With it, I can summon up to
three Chew bone jrs
from my deck Onto your
field in defense mode.
Huh?
You summoned them to my field?
I am so cool!
Did ya see how I pulled that
sweet summoning off?
Yeah, I sure did,
flip but they won't do you
a whole lotta Good way over here
on my field!
What? Your field?
Aw nuts, I misunderstood
the effect!
So you say.
Aw, don't beat
yourself up over it!
Happens to us all!
But a duel's a duel.
Can't let ya off the hook!
I now attack you directly with
gagaga magician!
Ahhh!
Yes!
I'm winning 3600
life points to 2500!
And with that, I'll end my...
Whoa, wait!
Hold up there!
Aren't you gonna summon
your xyz monster?
My xyz?
the guy doesn't even realize!
You know, because of the
summoning mistake I just made?
Huh?
The mistake I made
that brought out
the three level 1 Chew bone jrs.
Right, I've got three level 1
monsters out!
Which means I can
do an xyz summon!
then do it already!
There's no doubt.
Yuma's being set up.
But why?
Wait a moment, of course!
I overlay these three level 1
Chew bone jrs!
Next
no!
I will use This overlay network
to summon forth
an xyz monster!
Appear, baby tiragon!
[♪...]
alright, I did it, I summoned an
xyz monster!
[ Erie laughter]
Huh?
You sap!
You bought it!
I bought what?
My right facedown
is the trap uratra c.
Uratra c?
Thanks to uratra c
When baby tiragon is summoned
out to your field
I can summon one xyz
monster to my field!
Oh and there's one more thing
I have to summon it straight
from your deck!
My deck?
Yep!
Which means
utopia
is all mine!
You summoning baby tiragon
was the worst thing that could
have happened to you.
Flip planned this
from the very start.
In order to get you to summon
baby tiragon,
he purposely summoned those Chew
bone jrs to your field.
No, that's impossible, I mean
think about it,
flip didn't even know that I
owned that baby tiragon!
[Devious chuckle]
I saved up for a
year to get you this!
Ahhh!
I hope you like it.
Wait, so then that
card was sent by you?
That's right...
and, I was also the one who sent
around all those fake photos
of you to the entire school
I knew it would
make everyone hate you.
But why?!
because I needed to get you
alone, yuma!
And besides, I knew if you were
down about everyone disowning
you as their friend, you'd
finally let me be your friend.
And friends duel!
And that note on your back tells
you what we're dueling for!
What in the world?
Bet this doesn't say 'kick me'.
if I lose this duel, I agree to
give flip a card from my deck.
This is not good.
That's no fair!
That note was on you so you must
honor it...ha!
What a snake!
My friends warned me that you
were always up to no good!
Haha!
I guess this is what I get for
not listening to them,
so fine, which card of mine is
it that we're playing for?
Why the card you beat shark
with, of course,
your utopia card!
Utopia is a number card.
If yuma loses that, then I too
shall be lost!
Now that we know the stakes
let's get on with the duel,
shall we!
Now Ultra c!
Activate!
And with your power, I summon
utopia from yuma's deck!
Rise up
utopia!
So now I gotta take
on my best monster?
This isn't gonna be easy.